[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1990 horror two-part
miniseries if so let's get started the
series does take place during two
timelines with the characters being both
adults and kids their stories being told
simultaneously however for this spoiler
we'll be doing in a more chronological
fashion the series starts in drury made
in the year 1960 a boy named bill gives
his brother georgie a paper sailboat to
take out in the rain which eventually
falls into a storm drain georgie tries
to retrieve the boat when he encounters
a clown named Pennywise who is inside
the drain as georgie tries to reach into
the drain his arm is torn off and he is
killed by Pennywise a few months later
after several more children have gone
missing you see several children have
come together to form the loser group
who are all tormented by a local group
of bullies led by Henry bowels the loser
group consists of Bill who has a stutter
Eddie who has asthma and an overbearing
mother Beverly who has an abusive father
Ritchie who tells too many jokes Stanley
who is a Jewish boy scout Ben who is an
overweight boy with a crush on Beverly
and Mike who is a bit of a historian the
group realized that they have all seen
Pennywise in one way or another and that
their haunts are no coincidence because
it takes home whatever the group fears
the most
they decide to refer to the monster as
it Mike shows them a scrapbook that he
made that shows that the it attacks
occur every 30 years then it goes into
hibernation bill leads the loser group
into the sewers to hunt down it to
avenge his brother they are followed by
Henry and his friends all who plan on
killing the loser group Pennywise kills
one of the bullies and eventually
Pennywise grabbed stan but the losers
are able to defeat him through the power
of their imagination using silver
earrings as projectiles they pierce a
hole in his head and Pennywise escapes
down a drain seemingly dead henry is
driven insane from seeing penny wisest
at dead lights and ends up taking credit
for all the missed
murdered children and Henry's
institutionalize the group agrees to
come back to dreary if it ever returns
thirty years later Mike is now the town
librarian and is investigating a new
string of missing and killed children at
a scene of one of the murders he finds a
picture of Georgie and has convinced
that it has returned
Mike contacts the other members of the
loser group all who have left rearing
become very successful all of the
members have forgotten their encounter
with it until they receive Mike's call
and their memories start to come back
five of the members decide to come back
but overtaken by fear Stan kills himself
and writes it on the wall in blood once
they arrive in dreary the losers are
again fermented by it and they learn of
Stan's suicide Bill's wife Audra comes
to jury to help and find her husband but
is eventually captured by it
Henry is freed from his institution by
Pennywise so that Henry can kill the
losers Henry injures might but the
losers end up killing Henry they travel
into the sewers and bill finds Audra in
a catatonic state
and the group finds it in his true form
a giant spider like alien bill Ben and
Ritchie nearly get pulled into its dead
lights and Eddy is killed attempting to
save his friends
Beverly injures it with her slingshot
and it falls and the surviving losers
rip out its heart killing it the group
go their separate ways
with Ben and Beverly getting married and
are now expecting a child
and Audra finally recovers and is with
Bill so that was the spoilers for it if
you have another film you like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below remember to check us out on our
various forms of social media and - like
it subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]